# LeCDSR: Large Language Model Enhanced Cross-Domain Sequential Recommendation

The implementation of the paper:

Shuliang Wang, Jiabao Zhu, Kaibo Wang, Sijie Ruan, "**LeCDSR: Large Language Model Enhanced Cross-Domain Sequential Recommendation**" , in the Information Fusion.

paper link:

Please cite our paper if you find our code useful. Thanks!

Contact: jiabao@bit.edu.cn

Feel free to send me an email if you have any question.

<!-- Bibtex

```

``` -->

## Environments

- python 3.11
- PyTorch
- numpy

## Dataset
The dataset is located in the `dataset/` folder and contains three real-world datasets from Amazon Reviews. It includes user-profile embeddings and item-description embeddings generated by large language models.

## Embedding Generation
The code for generating embeddings and constructing part of the datasets is located in `LLM_emb_generator/`. It contains the large-language-model APIs and prompts used for embedding generation. Due to size limitations, the original files (available for download at [Amazon review data](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets/amazon_v2/)) and all generated textual data are not provided; please contact us if you need anything.

## Example to run the code
Train and evaluate the model (you are strongly recommended to run the program on a machine with GPU):

python main.py

`demo.ipynb` is a demo for evaluate what exactly the model outputs. After training a model, you can load the parameters and trace back to the text item description.
